friends.
In our previous to you,
we have seen what is an exception on how to handle exceptions?
No.
Here we're going to see exception handling.
For known exceptions known exception means suppose if you are able to predict or guess what
is the exception you're going to get for your core?
In that case,
you need to use like except exception as he and then only toe print your exception directly
.
You can handle that for them.
There is a simple syntax.
Nothing is that.
Let me do one thing.
I'm going to save our skip name as exception handling for known hosts.
So here it is that a script name?
Just update here like fine.
Know what I'm doing?
Yes.
First of all,
I'm trying to brain yet no.
See the result?
What you're getting name matter you're getting.
That means if you is no different,
you're going to get another called name era.
Let me know.
Don't know down them all off them.
Some of them not all at least some of them.
No,
I'm tryingto print four.
Place some strength.
It may be anything.
All right?
No.
See the result?
What?
You're getting paper unsupported operation operandi type because fring on number addition
is not possible,
right?
Not these one.
More exception.
No.
Suppose I'm trying to open a file called something dot txt?
Just for real purpose.
That is not there.
That's why what you're getting find not phoned earlier exception you're getting right.
Let me do one more thing,
I suppose.
Deedle Then what is the exceptional getting zero division ETA,
like weighs in every president practice,
you will come to know the list All for exceptions,
which you're going to get well,
running your script while writing your scripts.
That's why.
No,
First of all,
forget about all these exceptions.
Suppose guys,
What I'm doing is I'm trying to print honor.
Sorry.
A variable.
Yeah,
You're going to get an exception that way.
What I'm doing is I'm trying to print in this way,
but I suppose if I don't know what is that exception I'm going to get?
If he is not defined,
then I have handled in this way.
Right?
But suppose if I know if I know in case if he is not define what is the exception we're
going to get name it of light.
That's why you need a handle in this way.
That it looking right.
See that?
Name it.
Ah,
so while doing some action here in case you forget name,
name,
error.
What is the meaning for?
That variable is not defined.
That's a no.
Let me come in this line.
I'm trying to bring some four place.
Hi.
See that you go now,
an exception handling for this line This line is only available is not different than only
or handling your name at the exception.
But what about this one?
Somebody if you don't know what is the exception you're going to get for this type of case
is what we will do You know you have a standard syntax except exception as he then print
your error.
No,
See the results,
guys,
You need to understand one thing here while exclusive exclusion off this block by block if
something goes wrong.
I mean,
if any exception occur on diff this exception matches with this,
then only this line will execute other ways.
You know this line is going to execute on here.
We are capturing that exception on we're printing that.
But we know that we know that I if addition off number and string.
If you're doing that is not possible at the time.
You're going to get type of the exception.
That's why I can handle logically in this way.
See that,
except paper.
Then I'm bringing hiring number on string is not possible.
Not one of your doing,
actually.
Right.
See,
that is a right.
Now,
let me come in this line.
Know what I'm doing is I'm trying to open your fight.
Some something.
Not our txt.
No,
see,
that isn't See,
guys where Nobody for trying to open this file.
Suppose as off.
No,
you don't know what is the exception you're going to get.
That's why this exception,
whatever the fighting,
is going to generate the exception for this line.
If that matches to with name arrived in this land leg school anyway,
that is not matching with this because it is only for name error.
But you're trying to open your fight on your bike.
General Dagon,
prior to check in a second.
Except no.
These notes not also these also not going to match with this paper.
Now your partner will try to go with the last exception.
What is a year except except for Nancy means in this case you are handling that you are
capturing the What is the exception you're going to get then print the than the showing
their something like Mrs No such file A territory.
But we know that when a But if you if you don't have any file And if you try to a weapon
that what is that stuff?
You're going to get file,
not form there.
Then I can handle in this way,
you know,
to follow any sequence.
We get it anywhere but before except except snazzy.
This is the last year or two,
right?
Okay,
then see there.
I'm writing here file not phone better than I am Printing.
Fighting is not present to open it.
That's it.
Not See the result,
right?
No.
Let me take one more thing.
Bring some number division with Jiro.
No.
See the desert days This is going to generate.
We know that as off know what is the utterly it is going to generate?
What is the exception?
Your Brighton is giving for this line.
Jiro Division Errol Exception.
But do you don't need an exception?
You're not handling here,
right?
There is no matching for this Jiro division here and here.
The only thing,
What is the exception handling you're having what I both existing you are getting that
we're capturing as year.
And then we're printing that error.
But if you are able to predict for this case,
if you are able to get I mean,
if you are able to predict dear ordinarily is going to be locker,
then what?
You will lose somewhere.
No need to follow any order.
But before this last except extraction as he You are right,
except judo division era.
Then I can say they resent with digital.
He's not possible.
That's it.
No,
See the result right now,
what I'm doing is I'm trying to import some model cord import firebreak.
Let me come in the world.
Pretty west line import for brick.
No.
See the result.
Study what you are getting no model named Fabric.
This is a real name.
But what is the exception?
You're good day.
Just try in this way so that he can see because once If you practice then you can able to
remember that No module name.
Right model?
Not for never You're getting for this letter.
This is the exception.
No,
I can handle in this way.
Let me remove this line so somebody can like no need to follow any order.
Well,
handing your exceptions the only thing before this line.
If you're right,
then only that we legs good properly.
Except what do not formed then I can write What happened then?
Print no module called fabric on the manger of this please install for break to use it.
That's it.
See,
there's a already are getting only this information now.
So that is first of all,
you know how to handle your exceptions.
Forget about all these things.
No,
simply you're going to see you are exception at out of here.
Let me run.
He can see the result,
right?
But if you're able to predict what type of acceptance you're going to get,
then you can write one by one before you were,
except exceptionals he in this way So that what will happen Whatever the line you are
excluding for that if there is a corresponding exception name here then that line on live
legs could on remaining all will skip right.
That's it on One more thing.
Let me enable this line now can you guess me?
What is the exception is going to explode?
No,
because you know whatever is there in Pride Block that will Friday.
It's good first.
Now,
as I know,
two lines are enabled.
It was Friday.
It's good this line in this line.
But while excluding firstly itself,
it is going to give an exception.
What is that exception yet is not different,
right?
That's why what you're going to get.
Name it a name.
And that's why whenever,
if you're trying to exclude any line on in case,
if there is any problem with that line than remaining all court,
which is there,
your prey block will stop on immediately.
With this exception your bite animal.
Try to look if there is any handling directly for that exception.
Yes,
some very whole name it.
That's why even though you have model,
not phoned exception as well.
But for very first line,
you have an exception.
That's why this will excuse.
But if I write this land first right now,
see the result you're going to get.
Please install fabric to use it.
You know why that is going to explode.
Line by line.
I'm trying to exert first this one with help off my block while excluding the here itself.
Your wedding at an exception,
that's why you're fighting is going to look for.
Is there any match for the butler exception?
If it is norther than different,
it will go do last except exception as he Then he replied,
Eggs Good.
That one.
And before that,
this one let me try to write print.
Ah,
this sees.
Try block.
Now we don't know any other with the 1st 2 prints.
Statement.
That's right is when the eggs good first.
Then while importing your far break,
there is a problem.
That's why I see this is Dr Block you're getting as it is,
because there is no problem with excluding this line.
There is a problem while excluding this line.
Then only or python will go.
Sorry,
your partner will stop the remaining logic,
which is there in your pride block.
Then we'll try to look for that particular exception.
If it is not able to find Butler exception,
then we'll try to exclude this one,
right?
Okay,
that's fine.
No,
finally.
You how nice.
This finally is an optional.
So,
like you accept this is also optional days.
If you don't write these lines,
no problem,
right?
What will happen?
Only this land legs good.
If all these exceptions are not that,
then this land leg school,
right?
The same way for your try and accept you have finally block.
Also,
what will happen means Respert you off anyone off the elbow exceptions.
Finally,
your final logic will exclude.
So I am writing.
Finally,
this will execute,
not see the output What the world looks if you're going to get the meaning off Finally is
nothing but often trying with Brian accepted Block finally is going to exclude that it
right as have no title Remember the logic What happened if anybody for you If you include
finally while going forward we'll use in our courts.
The uses are finally as well,
right?
So,
guys,
now,
finally I'm going toe All right.
In this way simple way to handle your exceptions.
All right.
Suppose I'm trying to print any variable.
If the area is not defined,
then you will get an exception.
Just toe handle that because we don't know what is the exception we're going to get but
simply except exception as he then we're trying to print at a horizontal you're going to
get.
This is simple way just to handle your exceptions.
But if you know what are the exceptions,
you're going to get then economically handled with that exception name itself,
Except I already know what happened whenever it really is not defined.
Name,
matter exception will throw by your fighter.
Then I can.
I simply putting variable is not defined.
Nazi.
Likewise,
you can add any number of exceptions if you know right,
So something's what will happen.
What would the exceptions you're handling,
other than that you're fighting will generate X unknown exception under time?
To handle that,
you need to how final except as well except exception as he then try to print that he So
you married some hundreds off exceptions,
but maybe there is a chance to how to get unknown exception.
So at that time to handle that,
this is the exception handling case for unknown exceptions,
and this is like unknown exceptions.
Okay,
finally is also there,
right?
So simply what?
It what will happen whenever,
if ever,
if include finally so irrespective off your try and accept block Always it is going to
explode after accomplishing off,
your try are accepted.
Bloch finally will also in school.
So this will,
like scoot after trying with by on except the blocks that.
Okay,
so case as I know just remember this in Texas we'll use them well,
going forward.
Okay?
Okay.
Thank you for watching this video.